[I. Rain of Stars]
[II. Surrounded by Darkness]
[III. Journey inside a Dream]
[IV. Sons of Winter and Stars]
All this time I thought it was you that would save the sun
And fly in cold embrace of stars
And I finally feel that I’ve found my home
And we fly beyond the restless shadows
And we shall embrace the stars
And we shall open the doors of time
As the waves of the ocean grind so strong
Before the autumn rains
Before the revelation of infinity
Before the winds so cold
Behold the rain of stars – The awakening of darkened skies
Behold the rain of stars – The blazing fire came pouring down
But now I realize – That it was just an illusion
But now the time has come for us!
But oh, how it feels so cold when my dreams wither in fragments of time
Calling me to join in the cosmic dream
Dying moon cast down so weak
Embrace the stars!
Falling from the dark – And life and death became unbound
Falling from the dark – The symphony of dying lights
Falling snow, so soft and cold
Fly with us through the darkness
Forever the fire burns in our hearts
From the horizon the light comes alive
Frozen lake, the dancing spirits
I am the one who seeks vengeance
I have awakened the darkness
I sacrifice everything, just for one moment
I see the land of fading sun and rising mountains
I tear a part of my heart for creation of dimensions
I throw away everything that matters to me the most
In the arms of the wind we ride till dawn
Into the darkness we fly
Into the mountains high we set our way
Into the shadows they hide
It’s not too late to find a way – Fate will find it’s way
I’m flying through the darkness
I’m lost in the pathways of time
I’m surrounded by the circle of fire, but eternal ice has frozen my heart
I’m wondering now where will you take me
Leaving life and death meaningless
Mysteries of time
Now I am at the crossroads with questions
Oh rain comes and washes the hate away
Oh they will die!
Our fate is sealed by eternal sun [x2]
Our world shall never die
Revealing that this land will die
So old I’ve become – Thousand years staring into emptiness
Somewhere, someday I will find what I am here for
Sons of winter and stars Rise!
Sons of winter and stars! Rise! Rise!
Taste the fear! Taste the pain!
The coldness will again awake
The energy flows in me like a river of stars
The fire casts a shadow on me
The silence is tempting me now...
The world was shattered in the fragments of time
They will never survive, they’ll die
Unfolding in cosmic dreams
Until we drift into the dark
Until we fade away – Fate will find it’s way
We are the Sons of Winter and Stars
We are the Sons of Winter and Stars! [x2]
We fly beyond the birth of the worlds
We fly beyond the stars
We wander in the stars until we’re gone
We’ve come from a far beyond time
Who am I
Will we find our way in this long winter night